Elena Gordienko

Phone:
+1(412)403-4272
E-mail:
elena.gordienko61@gmail.com


Objective:      
25 years’ experience in software development and professional services expert. Vast experience in Object Oriented Programming using C++, Java, C# and Angular. Deep knowledge in multi-threading, multi-processing, networking and client-server applications, MongoDB, SQL database and Oracle database. Experience in managing development teams and working in professional services. Looking for challenging job to apply my technology expertise and technical experience in interesting projects.
Employment:
2021 – today



AccessDx Lab, Technical Consultant
Professional Service of 2bPrecise team. Main responsibility is implementation the plugins for customer requirements. This implementation is classic Java. Also, the operational system for manager, monitor and notification about any load errors. This system is implementation on Java, Spring Boot, Angular and Python, 


2016 - 2021
Allscripts, Expert Technical Support Consultant
Layer 3 support of application client-server component of the product. 
Designed and implemented distributed, desktop application, web application, code-based Health Assessment and Monitoring system. The system is deployed on centralized server or control station and provides centralized monitoring capabilities for number of server environments. Implementation with Azure, C#, ASP.NET, Windows and MS SQL.


2011 - 2016
ECI Telecom. Senior Software Developer & Expert.
Designed and implemented middle tear and backend development of network management system containing up to ten thousandth network elements; Agile programming; design documentation; Configuration Communication Protocols; Implementation with Java, C++, Unix and Oracle.


2004 -2011
dbMotion Ltd. Senior Software Developer & Expert.
Middle Tear and Business Layer Development of healthcare application for hospitals and
community; design documentation; Security Authorizations appearing above and User
Authentications Protocols; Implementation with C#, C++, Windows and MS SQL.


2003 -2004
ChipPc. Senior Software Developer.
Middle Tear and UI Development of data transfer application; Implementation with
C++, Window and MS SQL; Using MFC, ASP.NET, JavaScript and HTML.


1995 - 2002:
Intacta Labs, Software Developer.
GUI Development of Fax application; Implementation of Binary and Picture Compression and Encryption with C++, MS SQL and Window; Using MFC. 


Systems and 
Platforms:
Unix, Linux, Solaris, Windows, Android.


Special skills:
Software development in the following areas:  C++, Java, C#, Python, Angular, MongoDB, MS SQL, Azure technology, Spring Boot, Web application technology, multi-platform, multi-threading, Object Oriented Design and Programming (OOD and OOP).


Education:
1989-1994:
M.Sc. of the Polytechnic Institute of Kyrgyzstan, Department of Informatics, specialized in software application and database support application.


Languages:     
English, Russian, Hebrew
Personal:
I am as a highly motivated person, and a good team player. 
Recommendations
Available by request.

