About the job
Would you like to take part in transforming healthcare? Qbtech is the global market leader in professional ADHD tests, providing tests that are both CE marked and FDA cleared for use as an aid in the assessment and treatment evaluation of ADHD for people age 6-60. Our vision is to transform healthcare by providing a complete system of leading objective tests, products and services that empowers clinical and financial decision-makers to improve outcomes and support patients to better understand their symptoms and treatment.

Qbtech is present in 14 countries with offices in Stockholm, London and Houston. Over the next years, Qbtech will make significant investments into new products, technologies and people to further strengthen their services and product offerings with the aim of building an ecosystem with solutions for providers, clinicians and patients.

About The Role

The Customer Success Manager, Enterprise (CSM, Enterprise) will be responsible for designing the structure, metrics, and driving the processes needed to deliver exceptional customer outcomes. This individual will collaborate intensively with the Sales and Clinical teams and across departments to optimize customer onboarding, implementation, and performance management while ensuring accountability to key performance indicators (KPIs). Though the role does not have direct supervisory authority, it will heavily influence strategy, execution, and continuous improvement initiatives.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

Build and maintain relationships with Virtual Providers and Enterprise Healthcare customers, ensuring their needs are met and they meet their full potential use of Qbtech products and services.
Define, track, and report KPIs, including customer satisfaction, implementation timelines, and product utilization rates
Establish standardized workflows and procedures for client engagement and support.
Lead customer-facing process improvement initiatives, focusing on user adoption and engagement
Act as a key liaison between Virtual Providers and Enterprise Healthcare and Qbtech colleagues.

Who are you?

You have a deep understanding of SaaS business models, implementation best practices, and healthcare provider workflows.
You bring strong analytical skills and experience in building and interpreting performance dashboards.
You excel at guiding cross-functional teams and driving strategic initiatives, even without formal supervisory authority.
You are passionate about delivering outcomes that drive value for customers.
You have excellent verbal and written communication skills and can confidently engage with executive-level stakeholders.
You are skilled at managing complex projects involving multiple timelines, deliverables, and dependencies.

We Are Looking For Someone Who Has

Bachelor’s degree in Business, Healthcare Administration, or related field.
3+ years of experience in healthcare SaaS, customer success, or implementation roles.
Proven track record in driving operational excellence and customer engagement.
Familiarity with CRM and project management tools (Salesforce, Qlik Sense, Confluence, Figma, Asana).
Experience developing performance metrics and presenting to senior leadership.
Willingness to work flexible hours, including occasional evenings, and travel domestically and internationally as needed.

What can Qbtech offer you?

At Qbtech you will have the opportunity to work with something meaningful that helps people understand ADHD while transforming healthcare. You will work in an international environment together with some of the leading experts in the world. You will lead the development of best in class as well as first in class products and services – globally. There are plenty of opportunities to learn and grow and to expand into other technologies within the company. Qbtech also offers education and certifications in fields that are relevant to the technology used within the company.

Please note that due to the holiday season, our response time may be longer than usual. We appreciate your patience and will review all applications as soon as possible.