About the job
Company Overview

With 80,000 customers across 150 countries, UKG is the largest U.S.-based private software company in the world. And we’re only getting started. Ready to bring your bold ideas and collaborative mindset to an organization that still has so much more to build and achieve? Read on.

At UKG, you get more than just a job. You get to work with purpose. Our team of U Krewers are on a mission to inspire every organization to become a great place to work through our award-winning HR technology built for all.

Here, we know that you’re more than your work. That’s why our benefits help you thrive personally and professionally, from wellness programs and tuition reimbursement to U Choose — a customizable expense reimbursement program that can be used for more than 200+ needs that best suit you and your family, from student loan repayment, to childcare, to pet insurance. Our inclusive culture, active and engaged employee resource groups, and caring leaders value every voice and support you in doing the best work of your career. If you’re passionate about our purpose — people —then we can’t wait to support whatever gives you purpose. We’re united by purpose, inspired by you.

About The Role

As a Customer Success Manager (CSM), you will manage a portfolio of customer accounts, ensuring alignment with UKG’s customer experience objectives and long-term business goals. You will develop a deep understanding of the product suite utilized by your customer base, staying current with feature releases and core value drivers within UKG’s solutions. This role focuses on optimizing the customer experience, lead generation, creating references, and collaborative advocacy. You will build and maintain relationships with key customer stakeholders, influencers, primarily power users and system administrators, aligning engagement with the strategic account plan to ensure customers fully leverage our platform to achieve their business goals.

Responsibilities

Relationship Management:

 Independently develop and execute account strategies in collaboration with the Customer Account Manager, focusing on customer retention and strategic growth opportunities.
 Manage key stakeholder & influencer relationships for a portfolio of UKG customer accounts, focused on driving adoption of their solution.
 Proactively engage with assigned customers, including reviews of new features and product releases, product training consumption, support case trends, and executing campaigns to help address churn risk.
 Understand your customer’s business objectives and serve as an advocate to advance those goals by providing valuable insights into their usage of the UKG product suite and through interaction with the appropriate UKG teams.
 Encourage customers to get the most out of their investment with UKG by participating in UKG in-person and virtual programs, such as UKG Aspire, Huddles, user groups, and other UKG events.

Customer Advocacy And Sentiment

 Monitor appropriate customer metrics and advocate with key UKG stakeholders to address customer needs.
 Act as the customer’s voice within UKG, communicating feedback to internal teams to drive improvements.
 Collaborate with internal teams (e.g., Escalation Management, support, product, engineering to implement get-well plans and proactively communicating status updates to customers.
 Work closely with sales, marketing, product, and support teams to ensure a cohesive customer experience.
 Maintain current information related to system administrator sentiment, support case trends, risk management plans, and any relevant details in the appropriate UKG systems for transparency to various UKG teams.

Value Attainment And Optimization

 Educate customers on the UKG products and services available to them to maximize their return on investment.
 Maintain in-depth knowledge of the product’s features, functionalities, and updates and serve as a liaison to answer or help navigate customer inquiries and provide explanations of product capabilities.
 Provide guidance and best practices to maximize product adoption and value realization.
 Identify trends related to customer usage of the UKG product suite and their expectations, advocating for customers by communicating with appropriate UKG teams based on those trends.
 Leverage reports, dashboards, and data analysis techniques to monitor customer usage patterns, providing strategic insights and recommendations to optimize product utilization and achieve business outcomes.
 Foster referenceable clients and identify customer expansion and optimization opportunities while working with UKG’s sales organization to develop appropriate sales leads.
 Identify and recommend training sessions and workshops to educate customers on product features and functionalities.

Basic Qualifications

 3+ years working within an Enterprise Customer Success model (may vary by band/segment)
 Demonstrated success in managing complex customer relationships, achieving customer satisfaction, and driving customer retention and expansion.
 Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders at all levels of an organization.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to navigate through ambiguity and provide effective solutions
 Ability to prioritize and manage multiple customer accounts simultaneously, while maintaining a high level of attention to detail
Experience working with CRM systems and customer success tools (e.g., Salesforce, Gainsight)
 Apply professional judgment to conduct initial technical triage, escalating issues to the appropriate stakeholders when necessary and ensuring that complex problems are resolved efficiently.
 Operate as a team player with a collaborative mindset and the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams

Preferred Qualifications

 Excellent communication skills (English (others as needed by geography) - both written and verbal) and strong business acumen.
 Ability to understand HCM and WFM product suite at a level where you can advise system administrators and department leaders in leveraging key features and functionality. Preferably supporting a healthcare and Public Sector verticals
 Strong Relationship Building Skills; ability to build trusted relationships across UKG internal teams and multiple customer contacts.
 Strong attention to detail; manage and facilitate conference calls, capture and follow up on action items, and set appropriate expectations in escalated situations.
 Strong decision-making skills; ability to coordinate efforts across various functional teams and engage the appropriate resources to address escalated issues.
 Strong discovery and listening skills; demonstrated ability to ask effective discovery questions, understand the customer’s business goals/priorities and anticipate the customer’s needs.
 WFM Industry Experience strongly preferred.
 This role will be focused on clients that leverage UKG Systems to effectively plan, schedule and manage their Workforce. An understanding of labor planning and scheduling practices within healthcare operations is a preferred experience and knowledge set.
 Your customer base will be working to effectively schedule their staff in a variety of Healthcare and/or Public Sector settings.

Where we’re going

UKG is on the cusp of something truly special. Worldwide, we already hold the #1 market share position for workforce management and the #2 position for human capital management. Tens of millions of frontline workers start and end their days with our software, with billions of shifts managed annually through UKG solutions today. Yet it’s our AI-powered product portfolio designed to support customers of all sizes, industries, and geographies that will propel us into an even brighter tomorrow!

Equal Opportunity Employer 

Ultimate Kronos Group is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive considerations for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, marital status, familial status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, veteran status, and any other legally protected status under federal, state, or local anti-discrimination laws. 

View The EEO Know Your Rights poster and its supplement. 

View the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision 

UKG participates in E-Verify. View the E-Verify posters here. 

Disability Accommodation

For individuals with disabilities that need additional assistance at any point in the application and interview process, please email UKGCareers@ukg.com. 

The pay range for this position is $93,000 to $113,300, however, base pay offered may vary depending on skills, experience, job-related knowledge and location. This position is also eligible for a short-term incentive and a long-term incentive as part of total compensation. Information about UKG’s comprehensive benefits can be reviewed on our careers site at https://www.ukg.com/careers