About the job
Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.

At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.

As a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.

Join us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.

The Role

As a Customer Success Manager, you will be responsible for ensuring our customers’ success with Veeva’s regulatory products and services. You will serve as the liaison between Veeva and key customer stakeholders, fostering collaboration, triaging escalations, and highlighting value through proactive engagement.

This is a great opportunity for someone who is passionate about working with customers, developing relationships, and working cross-functionally to improve the overall customer experience.

What You'll Do

Support 4-6 large, global customers post-implementation with Veeva Vault applications
Own the relationship with your customers’ application owners to understand their strategic objectives and challenges
Act as a trusted advisor for your customers and liaise with relevant Veeva stakeholders to address customer needs
Lead meetings with customers to demonstrate success and identify additional value opportunities
Provide strategic guidance to optimize consumption of Veeva product releases and customer’s roadmap
Facilitate cross-customer connections for collaboration opportunities and industry learning

Requirements

7+ years working in life sciences, software, or consulting
Based in North America (East Coast)
Experience working with large global pharmaceutical companies
Customer-facing consulting experience
Managed relationships with executive stakeholders
Ability to travel up to 25%

Nice to Have

Experience in regulatory within a life sciences company
SaaS/cloud experience in the management of regulatory systems
Life science, computer science, or related business degree

Perks & Benefits

Medical, dental, vision, and basic life insurance
Flexible PTO and company paid holidays
Retirement programs
1% charitable giving program

Compensation

Base pay: $75,000 - $195,000
The salary range listed here has been provided to comply with local regulations and represents a potential base salary range for this role. Please note that actual salaries may vary within the range above or below, depending on experience and location. We look at compensation for each individual and base our offer on your unique qualifications, experience, and expected contributions. This position may also be eligible for other types of compensation in addition to base salary, such as variable bonus and/or stock bonus.

Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.

Veeva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com.



