About the job
About Rimsys

Rimsys is on a mission to improve global health. Our Regulatory Information Management (RIM) software digitizes and automates regulatory activities, helping MedTech companies establish and secure global compliance and bring life-saving products to market more quickly. Rimsys is headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA (position can be in-office, hybrid or remote) and is growing rapidly with an expanding list of large enterprise customers.

We are extraordinarily proud of the company we've built so far not to mention humbled to be recognized as a Best Place to Work in Pittsburgh. Our people are Rimsys' biggest competitive advantage and we'll continue to invest in our team and people-first culture.

Why Rimsys?

Rimsys is at the forefront of digital transformation in the medical device industry with our pioneering SaaS platform. We streamline global regulatory compliance, making it faster and more efficient for medical devices to reach the market. Joining our team means you're helping to accelerate healthcare innovation, directly impacting patient care and safety across the globe.

About The Role

We are seeking an experienced Customer Success Manager with a minimum of 5 years in customer-facing roles, ideally within the med tech, healthcare, or enterprise sectors. The ideal candidate will excel in building strong client relationships, resolving issues, and ensuring a positive customer experience with a proactive and customer-centric approach.

What You'll Do

Build and maintain strong, long-lasting customer relationships with assigned accounts. 
Act as the primary point of contact and advocate for customers, ensuring their needs are met and issues are resolved promptly. 
Develop proactive strategies and initiatives to drive customer success and satisfaction within assigned accounts. 
Educate customers on the benefits and usage of Rimsys products, becoming a trusted advisor and expert. 
Collaborate effectively with Implementation, Product, Support, Sales, Finance, and other teams to deliver seamless customer experiences and resolve issues effectively. 
Gather and relay customer feedback to internal teams, particularly Product Management and Development, to drive product improvements and enhancements. 
Efficiently manage time to prioritize activities that contribute to customer satisfaction, account renewal, and growth. 
Develop and share best practices with team members to enhance processes and improve overall service quality and efficiency. 
Drive revenue growth through proactive account management, ensuring account retention and identifying opportunities for upsell and cross-sell.

Who You Are

Possess strong phone, written and verbal communication skills with excellent presentation skills 
Confident, high energy, self-motivated and a true team player 
Experience working with senior and executive level customer contacts 
Demonstrated ability and desire to work and excel in fast-paced environment 
Excellent multitasking and project management skills 
Understanding of Internet and web applications with a desire learn new technologies 
Ability to understand and articulate Rimsys offerings 
Well-organized, with a high attention to detail and ability to prioritize 
Proficiency with various office suites (MS Office, Hubspot, Slack) 
5 years in Customer facing role, Customer Success, Business Development, or Sales 
Bachelor’s Degree or higher

Competencies

Empathy – able to hear and understand customer concerns and problems 
Problem Solving – able to identify/discern problems and apply known and creative solutions 
Relationship management – able to build relationships with key client contacts and search out previously unidentified contacts to expand/strengthen relationships 
Communication – establish communication patterns with clients and be able to share their goals, ideas and concerns with the internal teams like Support, Product Development, and Sales 

Preferred Education And Experience

Experience with a startup company is preferred but not required 
Knowledge of the medical device industry is preferred but not required
Customer Success certification/training 

Other duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Benefits

In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive an annual bonus or commission.

Rimsys Offers a Wide Range Of Benefits To U.S. - Based Team Members, Benefits Available To Rimsys Team Members Include, But Are Not Limited To:

 Flexible working options (in our Pittsburgh office, remote or hybrid)
 Competitive Compensation (base + commission + equity)
 Comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage
 Training and resources for personal and career growth
 Life insurance benefits
 401(k) plan
 Generous vacation policy (Unlimited PTO with a minimum 3 weeks OOO)
 Weekly social events
 Convenient office location with on-site parking for team members in our Pittsburgh office

Rimsys is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices and our employees' experience. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds perspectives and experiences and know that we can only become better together.

This job posting may span more than one career level.

To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of the state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offers are determined by multiple factors including skills, depth of work experience and relevant credentials.

Please note that this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of the activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time, with or without notice.

The Pay Range For This Role Is:

85,000 - 125,000 USD per year(Remote)


