About the job
At Trella Health, we are passionate and committed to our mission – empowering meaningful change in healthcare. Since our founding in 2015, we continue to grow our team, enhance our solution and services offerings, accelerate into new markets, and expand our customer base. We are rapidly growing and are looking for new Trellavators to join our team!



“What is a Trellavator?” you ask. Innovate and elevate is the name of our game! We go above and beyond to collaborate with and support each other – we believe that when a colleague or customers succeeds, we succeed. By learning from others, building on our successes, and taking risks, we constantly raise the bar – continuous improvement is in our DNA. Our word is paramount, we keep our commitments, and we always follow through. We have a strong, reliable support system that fuels growth, collaboration, and passion – and together, we create a positive environment where everyone at Trella Health, including the customers we support, can thrive. Are you ready to learn more about the opportunities with our team? Trell-yeah you are!



Trella Health seeks a Customer Success Manager  to join our Supplier Division, which partners with organizations in the Home Medical Equipment (HME), Infusion, and Specialty Pharmacy sectors. This role is critical for driving customer retention, adoption, and expansion while aligning Trella’s solutions with clients’ business goals. You will build strategic relationships with our customers’ champions to help drive understanding of our solutions and the value it brings to their business. Additionally, you will support each customer to reach optimal usability of our solutions’ capabilities and will assist in solving their challenges. Our ideal candidate is someone who has demonstrated success working within healthcare and preferably for high-growth SaaS companies and is passionate about the customer experience.



Reports to: General Manager, Supplier Markets



Location: Remote - US (Preference to applicants located in GA, TN, SC, NC, FL, TX & PA)



As a member of the Customer Success team, you will focus on:



Customer Relationship Management

Own a portfolio of accounts to drive retention, expansion, and net revenue retention goals.
Build strategic relationships with stakeholders to maximize product adoption and value realization.
Mitigate risks impacting customer success and collaborate on solutions.
Identify customers that are underutilizing Trella’s product and create collaborative plan to assist the customer in improving user adoption.


Product Expertise & Implementation

Develop deep knowledge of Trella’s solutions to map capabilities to customer needs.
Partner with implementation teams to confirm business goals and success plans during onboarding.


Renewals & Expansion

Manage renewal processes and identify upsell/cross-sell opportunities.
Collect and synthesize customer feedback to inform product and service improvements.


Advocacy & Collaboration

Foster customer advocacy by delivering tailored experiences and resolving challenges.
Serve as the “voice of the customer” and collaborate with product leaders to prioritize product enhancements.
Travel up to 10% for on-site customer engagements.


This job might be a fit for you if you have:

3+ years in Customer Success or Account Management (B2B SaaS preferred).
Experience in the Healthcare tech industry: HME, Infusion, Post-Acute Care, claims data, EHR integrations.
Tech-savvy with ability to articulate technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Proven track record in managing customer lifecycles (onboarding to renewal).
Strong problem-solving, communication, and relationship-building skills.
Proficiency in CRM tools (e.g., Salesforce) and CPQ software.
Proactively curious; always looking to learn.
Passion for healthcare innovation and value-based care.
Assertive, empathetic, and committed to delivering customer-centric solutions.
