About the job
Open Position: Client Success Manager

Reports to: Director of Client Success

Location: Remote position

About Us:

HST Pathways is on a mission to transform healthcare with innovative software technology that enables surgery centers to provide more cost-efficient patient care and better outcomes. Our suite of solutions spans the entire case lifecycle, including scheduling, care coordination, clinical documentation, and revenue cycle. Backed by Bain Capital, we are the fastest growing ASC software company and serve over 1,100 surgery centers, but we’re just getting started and have plans to 10X the value we offer. However, our big ambitions are only as strong as the team behind them, which is why we’re looking to build our team with the best.

What we’re looking for:

You are inspiring, authentic, intuitive, highly motivated, results-driven, and a fast learner. You want to work for a company with a positive work culture that is fast-paced and evolving. You believe that working for a diverse and inclusive organization is best and hold the values of One Team, Inclusion, Transparency, Agility, Empathy, Growth Mindset and Proactivity -- and you’re ready to be an ambassador that exemplifies these qualities. You are data driven and comfortable with a high-volume workload (“roll up your sleeves” approach) and adept at dealing with a dynamic work setting.

The ideal candidate may come from healthcare billing and collections or customer service. Having a “can do” attitude and the initiative to help clients resolve challenges while simultaneously building long-term relationships. If what drives you is relationships and helping people, the challenge of how to fix a problem, and a touch tech savvy, then this is the job for you!

Job Purpose:

The Client Success Manager will be responsible for the pro-active outreach to all HST clients (both corporate and non-corporate accounts) post transition to support to ensure the overall product utilization is meeting the goals that were set by the client pre – sale. This role is vital to HST as it both retains current client relationships and builds upon them, ensuring their continued success and growth of the HST product line. The Client Success Manager is someone who proactively manages their portfolio by using everyday requests for support and service needs as an opportunity to better connect with the client. A Client Success Manager is highly collaborative and works with each department within the organization to ensure clients’ operational success, and overall success of the client throughout its entirety of the customer journey. The Client Success Manager will use data alongside a Customer Score Card to determine the health of that client and to serve as the resource to ensure the clients are meeting and succeeding any goals. The CSM should also use the Customer Score Card and Health Score as a way to minimize and reduce churn.

Responsibilities:

The Client Success Manager will support the role in the following ways:

Serves as a point-of-contact, advocate, problem solver, and trusted advisor for defined set of clients, proactively improving client health and satisfaction. 
Works professionally with all levels of clients' management teams including Center Administrators, Billing Office Managers, and both the clinical and billing staff. 
Provides continuity in timeline of client relationship through warm hand-off from Client Services team, and gently eases client into an operational flow conducive to success. 
Initiates and executes a defined cadence of outreach to assigned clients that is reflective of overall Client Success outreach communication and management plan. 
Actively tracks the department’s and Growth Organization’s Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) and drives the meeting and exceeding of those goals and how their role directly impacts them. 
Collaborates cross-functionally with other areas of the HST organization: Support, Training, Product, and Sales to identify areas of internal process improvement and drive feedback-based evaluation. 
Utilizes the CRM system to accurately log, track, and report information pertinent to a client’s overall presence and success within the HST portfolio. 
Serves as an escalation resource for clients. 
Processes and manages any down sell or churn opportunities that come through. 

Qualifications

Associate’s degree preferred. 
Prior client success experience (1-2 years) preferred. 
ASC billing and collections experience desired
Ability to communicate, present and influence at all levels of an organization, including Executive and C-level. 
Proficient in CRM software including logging, tracking, and reporting upon client data. 
Working knowledge of surgery center and healthcare industry preferred. 
General familiarity with cloud-based applications and technologies is a plus. 
Ability to create, manage, and grow relationships with clients while having intuition and anticipation of customers’ needs and match with appropriate product and service. 
Comfort with working under pressure in a fast-paced environment. 

Team Culture

We go beyond the expected. We strive to be the difference in everything we do and look for ways to innovate and deliver beyond expectations. 
We thrive through collaboration. We invest in our team and take pride in the success of others. 
We strive to make a positive impact. We are passionate our work and leverage our collective creativity and industriousness to make big things happen
We sharpen and share our expertise. We aspire to learn, grow, and share knowledge. 
We love the journey. We never lose sight of the fact that we’re contributing to building a new model of healthcare delivery. 

Perks & Benefits

Remote work environment
Health benefits paid for employee
Flexible Paid Time Off Policy
11 company holidays per year
Paid parental leave
401K with matching contributions
Learning and development allowance
A diverse, inclusive, and fun team!

HST Pathways celebrates diversity and is steadfast in fostering an inclusive work environment where employees feel valued, respected, and engaged. We champion and nurture a culture where inclusiveness is instinctive and fuels innovation, connection, and a strong sense of “One Team”. HST is deeply committed to representing and reflecting the unique experiences, perspectives and viewpoints of our employees, customers, and the communities we serve.