About the job
Do you want to join us in helping to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enabling access to care for more people around the world? At Siemens Healthineers, we pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.

At Siemens Healthineers, we offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally.

Our Global Team

We are a team of more than 72,000 highly dedicated employees across more than 70 countries passionately pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in healthcare to help improve people’s lives around the world. As a leader in the industry, we aspire to create better outcomes and experiences for patients no matter where they live or what health issues they are facing. Our portfolio, spanning from in-vitro and in-vivo diagnostics to image-guided therapy and innovative cancer care, is crucial for clinical decision-making and treatment pathways.

Our Culture

We are part of an incredible community of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists pushing the boundaries of what’s possible, to improve people’s lives around the world. We embrace a culture of inclusivity in which the power and potential of every individual can be unleashed. We spark ideas that lead to positive impact and continued success.

Summary

Management of incoming customer support requests regarding Varian’s Oncology products.
Capable of recommending solutions/corrective actions to customer application questions.
Ability to clinically assess situations/issues and determine appropriate escalation path.
Works as an integral member of the complaint process, and communicates relevant information to the customer as appropriate.
May also provide customer training, demo support at Trade Shows and for the Varian Sales organization, as well as formulate and review written customer support training materials
Applicable to the Oncology Systems business only: Position must have full access to VMS client sites to perform the essential functions of this position. Many VMS clients require VMS employees and representatives to meet certain “Vendor Credentialing” requirements before they will be allowed to have access to their sites. Unless prohibited by law, position must meet all Vendor Credentialing requirements necessary to have full client access, and must continue to meet those requirements during the course of VMS employment in this position.

Minimum Required Skills And Knowledge

Strong interpersonal skills
Proficiency in computer usage
Strong customer service skills
Has substantial understanding of the job and applies knowledge and skills to apply a wide range of tasks.
Obtains and completes LMS training plan specific to assigned responsibility.
Proficient in utilizing business tools such as: E-mail, Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Experience with SAP or equivalent ERP product and productivity software desired
Relevant Professional Designation Medical Dosimetrist with preferably 5+ years clinical experience
Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) and 5+ years of related experience
This is a remote role across the US with less than 25% travel requirements.

At Siemens Healthineers, we value those who dedicate their energy and passion to a greater cause. Our people make us unique as an employer in the med-tech industry. What unites and motivates our global team is the inspiration of our common purpose: To innovate for healthcare, building on our remarkable legacy of pioneering ideas that translate into even better healthcare products and services. We recognize that taking ownership of our work allows both us and the company to grow. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment and the space to move beyond your comfort zone to grow both personally and professionally.

The base pay range for this position is

Min $97,100 - Max $145,600

Base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Siemens Healthineers offers a variety of health and wellness benefits including paid time off and holiday pay. 

This information is provided per the required laws and regulations. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Siemens Healthineers external or internal careers site

Position must have full access to Siemens Healthineers' client sites to perform the essential functions of this position. Many clients require Simens Healthineers employees and representatives to meet certain Vendor Credentialing requirements before they will be allowed to have access to their sites. Unless prohibited by law, position must meet all Vendor Credentialing requirements necessary to have full client access and must continue to meet those requirements during the course of employment in this position. These requirements vary by client and may include, but are not limited to: Proof of valid identification (photo, driver's license, SSN) Criminal background checks Drug screens Immunizations (COVID-19, Hep B, MMR, Varicella, Influenza, Tetanus) Annual TB testing Healthcare training.

Beware Of Job Scams

Please beware of potentially fraudulent job postings or suspicious recruiting activity by persons that are currently posing as Siemens Healthineers recruiters/employees. These scammers may attempt to collect your confidential personal or financial information. If you are concerned that an offer of employment with Siemens Healthineers might be a scam or that the recruiter is not legitimate, please verify by searching for the posting on the Siemens Healthineers Career Site.

As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities.


