About the job
Note: This is a Remote position but Chicago, IL is the preferred location.



Come for the mission. Stay for the experience.

Let’s keep things simple: we’re a talented, hard-working and compassionate team driving towards a mission that impacts every single one of us - even you!



Healthcare benefits are complex, underutilized and a mystery for most people. That’s why it’s our vision to remove the complexity from being healthy and well. HealthJoy guides employees to affordable, high-quality healthcare by consolidating our clients’ health and wellness strategies into a simple, unified digital experience. This leads to healthier employees and a healthier bottom line.



With over $100M in fundraising to date, HealthJoy has garnered workplace awards for Inc.'s Fastest Growing Startups and Built In Chicago’s Best Places to Work while growing globally to over 400 team members. We’re continuing down the path of high growth and high impact, and this role is a key member of the Customer Success team making that happen.





Your impact. 

HealthJoy’s Customer Success Team is leading the charge at HealthJoy to deliver industry-leading outcomes to our customers, with the ultimate goal of driving customer retention and growth.

As a Customer Success Manager, you’ll lead a designated book of business composed of HealthJoy’s mid-market customers. This is a unique opportunity for a high-energy benefits industry professional passionate about delivering customer value, and excited to pivot to a dynamic, fast-paced team, to learn new skills in SaaS while making broad contributions toward HealthJoy’s overall revenue goals.



Here’s what you could expect in the role.

Confidently and independently own key customer outcomes (product adoption and utilization, net dollar retention, upsell, and customer health) for clients within your book of business;
Build strong, consultative relationships with your customers and partners (champion to buyer);
Advise your customers on strategies to optimize adoption across their members, drawing upon your extensive knowledge of HealthJoy’s product and services, benefit industry domain knowledge, and best practices;
By conducting effective ongoing discovery about your customers and their wants and needs, uncover potential upsell and/or other account expansion opportunities, and partner effectively with HealthJoy’s Product Solution Consultant team to effectively position marketplace solutions and ultimately expand account value;
Lead the expansion sales and renewal process for customers within your book of business;
Use your deep understanding of HealthJoy’s value proposition and ROI to position HealthJoy’s value in customer business reviews;
Use best-in-class CRM software and business intelligence tools (Gong, Looker, Gainsight, Highspot and more) to proactively dive deep into the performance across your book of business, enabling you not only to provide better thought leadership to your book of business, but also socialize the voice of your customers across internal HealthJoy stakeholders.
Regularly provide product education to your customers, as new features and functionality are released to ensure ongoing awareness and adoption
Customer relationship management is critical in this role as you are keenly aware of pertinent customer updates with regards to key stakeholders, company level changes, and raising awareness before risk to customer health arises.
You are able to work cross-functionally and pull in HealthJoy team members to support you when needed. You are the voice of the customer and act as an advocate for our customers, while providing feedback to relevant internal stakeholders.


Your experience.

Benefits experience strongly preferred. Experience working directly as an HR team member and/or as a benefit consultant is a great background for this role!
4-7 years of customer-facing account leadership or related experience demonstrating a high degree of skill in serving as a trusted advisor.
Strategic and results-oriented approach to partnering with customers at all levels of an organization (individual contributor through C-Suite) to achieve desired outcomes.
Demonstrated success managing customer retention and account growth within a book of business, or related experience negotiating contracts that would demonstrate proficiency managing commercial negotiations with limited oversight.
Highly collaborative and influential with your teammates and business partners across the organization to drive results and innovation.
Exceptional executive presence and ability to present complex or detailed information in a digestible and actionable manner. 
Willingness to travel approximately 10-15% to support client book of business with the goal of 1 or more in-person visits per client per year, as well as at a minimum quarterly to Chicago headquarters for internal team meetings, and as needed. We encourage local team members to come into the office on Wednesdays for shared work and collaboration. Total travel estimated at 15-20%.


Total Rewards 

Job Level: 30

Base Compensation Range for Job Level: $95,000 - 105,000 Annually

The cash compensation above includes base salary only. Certain roles are eligible for additional cash incentives such as commission, annual bonus targets, overtime pay or other variable incentives.



HealthJoy maintains a comprehensive strategy to determine rewarding and competitive packages for individual compensation for new hires, internal promotions and internal job changes. This strategy is based on several factors unique to each individual, including: 1) the skills, experience and qualifications of the individual; 2) the responsibilities and demands of the role; 3) analysis of external market data; and 4) company budget and financial performance.



HealthJoy is a remote-first employer. The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled.

At HealthJoy, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role, and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each role and individual.



In addition to cash compensation, HealthJoy offers a rich “Total Rewards” package that includes:

Medical, Dental and vision insurance packages
HSA contribution match
Stock options for eligible roles
401k match
Paid parental leave
Company sponsored Short Term and Long Term Disability coverage
Flexible PTO


Commitment to Equal Pay

At HealthJoy, we are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone has the opportunity to succeed and thrive.

We believe that everyone should be paid based on their qualifications, experience, and the work that they do, and not on their gender, race, or any other personal characteristic. Our compensation practices are essential to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where we value the contributions of all our employees.

We conduct thorough annual reviews of employee pay and our pay practices to ensure we reward the right behaviors and are providing equal pay for equal work.

Additionally, we assess the external market and internal equity across like roles. As part of our regular review of pay practices, HealthJoy examines employee pay for potential disparities between persons of different genders, races and ethnicities that are not explainable by objective factors such as performance, experience level, credentials, or location, and are committed to correcting any issues and reviewing practices from unintended outcomes.