About the job
About Artera

Our Mission:  Make healthcare #1 in customer service.

What We Deliver:  Artera (formerly WELL Health®) is the patient communication platform that delivers happier staff, healthier patients, and more profitable organizations. We enable two-way conversations between patients and their healthcare teams through secure, multilingual messaging across multiple channels – including text, email, and telephone. By unifying disjointed touchpoints into a single, intuitive channel, Artera fuels connected patient experiences and empowers organizations to deliver the best customer service imaginable.

Our Impact: Artera helps 500+ healthcare providers facilitate more than 1 billion messages for 40+ million patients annually.

Our award-winning culture:  Since founding in 2015, Artera has consistently been recognized for its innovative technology, business growth, and named a top place to work. Examples of these accolades include: Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023); Deloitte Technology Fast 500 (2021, 2022, 2023); Built In Best Companies to Work For (2021, 2022, 2023, 2024). Artera has also been recognized by Forbes as one of “America’s Best Startup Employers,” Newsweek as one of the “World’s Best Digital Health Companies,” and named one of the top “44 Startups to Bet your Career on in 2024” by Business Insider.

Artera is looking for aCustomer Success Manager (CSM) to drive success for a diverse portfolio (80-100) small to mid-sided healthcare customers. In this role, you’ll serve as a trusted advisor, helping clients maximize Artera’s value, navigate challenges, and identify growth opportunities.

As a CSM, you’ll be strategic yet hands-on, balancing quarterly check-ins with monthly growth conversations. You’ll lead your own customer calls, partner cross-functionally with sales and product teams, and provide proactive guidance on Artera’s roadmap. Success in this role means ensuring customer retention, driving account growth, and fostering strong relationships.

We're looking for a strategic problem-solver with strong communication skills and healthcare knowledge—particularly around revenue cycle management and EHR integrations. If you're curious, proactive, and thrive in a fast-paced environment, this is an opportunity to make an impact and grow within a team that values internal career development.

Responsibilities

Own and manage a portfolio of customers, proactively guiding them to success.
Lead customer calls independently, providing strategic insights and fostering strong relationships.
Ensure customers maximize Artera’s value, addressing challenges, and aligning them with our product roadmap.
Identify opportunities for growth, upsell, and cross-sell by understanding customer needs and business goals.
Collaborate cross-functionally with sales, product, support, and other teams to drive customer outcomes.
Strategically manage 80-100 customer portfolios, balancing proactive outreach with responsive support.
Analyze customer trends and challenges, developing tailored strategies for long-term success.
Analyze customer trends and challenges, developing tailored strategies to improve retention and satisfaction.

Requirements

At least 1 year of experience in a customer-facing role (customer success, account management, etc.) OR 2+ years in the healthcare industry with transferable skills in client management.
Strong understanding of healthcare workflows and revenue cycle management.
Strategic and proactive mindset, capable of identifying opportunities, solving problems, and driving solutions forward.
Strong communication skills (written and verbal), with the ability to collaborate cross-functionally.
Ability to navigate complex customer challenges, thinking critically and creatively to deliver effective solutions.
Technical curiosity, with an interest in learning about EHR integrations (HL7s, APIs, etc.) 

Bonus

Previous customer success experience within healthcare IT or healthcare SaaS.
Familiarity with EHR systems and an understanding of healthcare technology.

$76,000 - $101,000 a year

The compensation for this role will be based on level of experience and the geographic tier in which you are located. This position also comes with equity, variable compensation and a variety of benefits.

Tier 1 Salary: $85,000 - $101,000

Non-Tier 1 Salary: $76,000 - $91,000

LOCATION

Artera values in-person collaboration and is currently hiring in the following US cities: Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, San Francisco/Bay Area, Kansas City, Seattle, Denver, Chicago, Boston, and Philadelphia (Wayne).

Artera HQ is in Santa Barbara, CA, with an additional US office located in Philadelphia (Wayne), PA. If you live in the Santa Barbara or Philadelphia area, your role will be hybrid, and you will be expected to work out of your designated office location regularly, following local office guidelines. While three days a week may be a general guideline, the specific requirement will be set regionally based on the needs of the local office and the role.

If you live in one of our other hubs, your role will be remote to start. As our team continues to grow in these cities, Artera will explore opening offices in these locations, but there is currently no timeline in place for that. Once that happens, in-office attendance will similarly follow regional expectations, with flexibility to align with the local office's norms and the specific job requirements.

WORKING AT ARTERA 

Company benefits - Full health benefits (medical, dental, and vision), flexible spending accounts, company paid life insurance, company paid short-term & long-term disability, company equity, voluntary benefits, 401(k) and more!

Career development - Manager development cohorts, employee development funds

Generous time off - Company holidays, Winter & Summer break, and flexible time off

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) - We believe that everyone should belong at their workplace. Our ERGs are available for identifying employees or allies to join.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (EEO) STATEMENT

Artera is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to fair and equitable hiring practices. All hiring decisions at Artera are based on strategic business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications. All candidates are considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexuality, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other protected status.

Artera is committed to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment; Artera will not tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind.

Artera provides reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees in compliance with state and federal laws. If you need an accommodation, please reach out to hr@artera.io.

DATA PRIVACY

Artera values your privacy. By submitting your application, you consent to the processing of your personal information provided in conjunction with your application. For more information please refer to our Privacy Policy .

Security Requirements

All employees are responsible for protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the organization’s systems and data, including safeguarding Artera’s sensitive information such as, Personal identifiable Information (PII) and Protected Health Information (PHI). Those with specific security or privacy responsibilities must ensure compliance with organizational policies, regulatory requirements, and applicable standards and frameworks by implementing safeguards, monitoring for threats, reporting incidents, and addressing data handling risks or breaches.