About the job
Teladoc Health is a global, whole person care company made up of a diverse community of people dedicated to transforming the healthcare experience. As an employee, you’re empowered to show up every day as your most authentic self and be a part of something bigger – thriving both personally and professionally. Together, let’s empower people everywhere to live their healthiest lives.

Summary Of Position

The Senior Associate, Client Management is on the front lines every day as a trusted adviser for our clients. Part coach, analyst, strategic adviser, project manager, and product expert, our Client Strategy team is continually focused on helping our clients improve the benefits they reap from working with Teladoc Health's products and platforms.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

Lead a portfolio of Teladoc Health clients with varying complexity, which may include enterprise employers, health plans, or health systems.
Work with clients to define and execute a Teladoc Health program strategy, integrated with their broader benefit offerings clinical care delivery.
Manage the end-to-end renewal process for your clients.
Collaborate with Sales to manage and grow business within the client portfolio.
Convert “model” clients into Teladoc Health advocates, leveraging their success for references, case studies, blogs, etc.
Drive client success in tangible metrics such as improved member health outcomes, financial benefits, member retention and renewals, and product expansion and review progress on a regular basis.
Build and maintain productive relationships with key stakeholders at all levels, including benefit managers, VP/SVP/C-Suite execs, health plan Account Executives, and consultants.
Identify client challenges and risk areas, develop solutions, and execute proactively to avoid churn.
Maintain high levels of client engagement, satisfaction, and loyalty, as measured by high client satisfaction scores.
Support leadership and more senior CSMs to define and execute a program strategy for large key enterprise accounts.
Manage client issues and escalations, collaborating with partner teams such as Client Strategy/Launch, Member Support, Operations, Analytics, R&D, and Sales, as required.

The time spent on each responsibility reflects an estimate and is subject to change dependent on business needs.

Supervisory Responsibilities

No

Qualifications Expected For Position

Bachelor’s degree in related field.
3+ years of account management experience working healthcare industry (ie. in the health insurance, benefits, wellness, or healthcare industry) required.
Experience managing end-to-end renewal process for your clients and expansion opportunities preferred.
Strong presentation and storytelling skills, which will be evaluated during the recruiting process.
Experience building and maintaining productive relationships with key stakeholders preferred.
Experience with PowerPoint required.

Required license or credential needed to perform job: N/A

The above qualifications, knowledge, experience, and/or background are expected but not required for this role.

Work Environment

☐ Office ☒ Remote ☐ Hybrid (Office & Remote)

Travel: ≤10%

Travel percentage reflects an estimate and is subject to change dependent on business needs.

Physical Requirements

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. Teladoc Health will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual in line with company policy.

About Us

Teladoc Health is the global virtual care leader, offering the only comprehensive virtual care solution spanning telehealth, expert medical, and licensed platform services. Teladoc Health serves the world's leading insurers, employers, and health systems and helps millions of people around the world resolve their healthcare needs with confidence.

Job Description Acknowledgment

This job description is a general overview of nature and level of work performed by employees with this job designation It is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of this position. Management reserves the right to add, delete, and/or modify any of the job duties or requirements at any time. I acknowledge that I have read and understand the above job description. By signing this job description, I understand the duties that are expected of me.

The base salary range for this position is $70,000 - $90,000. In addition to a base salary, this position is eligible for a performance bonus and benefits (subject to eligibility requirements) listed here Teladoc Health Benefits 2025. Total compensation is based on several factors including, but not limited to, type of position, location, education level, work experience, and certifications. This information is applicable for all full-time positions.

Why Join Teladoc Health?

A New Category in Healthcare: Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives. 

Our Work Truly Matters: Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person’s health journey. 

Make an Impact: In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals. 

Focus on PEOPLE:  Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment. 

Diversity and Inclusion:  At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position. 

Growth and Innovation: We’ve already made healthcare yet remain on the threshold of very big things. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members. 

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy.

Teladoc Health respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining the confidentiality and security of your personal information. In furtherance of your employment relationship with Teladoc Health, we collect personal information responsibly and in accordance with applicable data privacy laws, including but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Personal information is defined as: Any information or set of information relating to you, including (a) all information that identifies you or could reasonably be used to identify you, and (b) all information that any applicable law treats as personal information. Teladoc Health’s Notice of Privacy Practices for U.S. Employees’ Personal information is available at this link.