About the job
MoCaFi is committed to building a financial services platform that helps America's marginalized communities create wealth through better access to public, private, and social capital. We are a fintech built for government and non-profit organizations committed to creating finance for all. Our platform is a turnkey digital banking solution for delivering cash payments, deposit accounts, and wealth empowerment tools at the city, state, and federal levels.

MoCaFi has distributed over $100M in guaranteed basic income, cash assistance, emergency rental assistance, and emergency utility payments in over a dozen municipalities. We are led by a diverse team of finance, engineering, and startup professionals committed to closing America's racial wealth gap. We offer FDIC-insured bank accounts, municipal-funded disbursement cards, and financial empowerment services directly to consumers and through our public and private sector partners.

Job Description:

MoCaFi is seeking a Manager, Customer Support to lead our high-level customer escalations and vendor management. As a Customer Support Manager, you will resolve complex customer complaints, manage vendor complaints, and ensure accurate reporting. You will act as a key liaison between internal teams and external vendors, driving continuous improvement in our complaint resolution processes. Over time, this position will manage a team.

The Manager of Customer Support will report to the Director of Client Services. This position is remote but hybrid to our New York City office for those located in the NYC metropolitan area. Based on experience and location, the salary range for this position is $93,500- $140,000.

Job Responsibilities:

Contact Center & Vendor Management:
Oversee vendor (Senture/Ubiquity) complaint handling processes and performance.
Act as the primary point of contact for vendor escalations related to complaints.
Facilitate calibration sessions and feedback with Contact Center leadership.
Customer Advocacy:
Manage and resolve high-level customer escalations, including those from regulatory bodies (BBB), legal representatives, and media outlets.
Proactively address customer concerns to maintain satisfaction and loyalty.
Ensure data integrity between client service systems and vendor platforms.
Team Leadership:
Prepare to hire, train, and manage a team of customer service specialists in 2025.
Provide coaching and development to direct reports and work closely with vendors to ensure consistent performance.
Operational Excellence:
Ensure accurate and timely complaint reporting.
Develop and maintain a comprehensive knowledge base of policies and procedures to support complaint resolution and training.
Collaborate with the Client Services team to create and continually improve training materials for the support team.
Produce reports and presentations to share performance trends.
Oversee post-payment activities.
Collaboration:
Collaborate with other departments to ensure seamless customer service delivery.
Compliance:
Ensure compliance with all relevant financial services regulations, including those related to complaint handling.
Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Management, or a related field.
5+ years of experience working with Contact Center resources with significant experience in complaint resolution and vendor management, preferably in a financial services or banking environment. 
2+ years of people management experience.
Proven experience in handling high-level customer escalations.
Strong understanding of financial services regulations and compliance requirements.
Excellent communication, interpersonal, and problem-solving skills.
Experience with contact center operations and vendor management.
Pursuant to our contract with the FAA, this position requires that all employees working on Federal contracts be U.S. citizens or Lawful Permanent Residents.
Ability to travel domestically up to 10% annually.



Maximize compose field
Attach an image to your conversation with Shari Wood
Attach a file to your conversation with Shari Wood
Open GIF Keyboard

Open Emoji Keyboard
