Position Overview

The EBCS Customer Support Team are driven, smart and recognized for their willingness to problem solve with positivity. Our focus is to help customers with their daily questions across all products and ensure they have a great customer experience.

This is a chance to be a part of a global team that is growing fast within Autodesk's Emerging Business Customer Success (EBCS) organization. Reporting to a "Manager, Customer Support" the "Associate Manager, Customer Support" will achieve team indicators and lead projects to push the business forward and be an example of Autodesk's values. Plus, you will become a knowledgeable asset in construction software looking to transform a multi-trillion industry!

You will have a combination of on site work and remote work with this position. You must live in the Atlanta, GA area.

Responsibilities

Lead a team to translate company-level programs into team-level plans. Ensure top-level performance from your team and exceed service Indicators. Hire and onboard new EBCS Customer Support team members
Have clear, thoughtful, and documented expectations of your team to identify any training needs, performance issues, and recognize top talent
Be a part of support-related projects to allow you to use your unique skill set and improve our team. With assistance of EBCS leadership (Managers, Senior Managers, Director), you will define project plans that achieve fiscal goals and push the business forward
Collaborate with the broader leadership team to handle crisis management, or other work that impacts our customers and our business
Have a continuous improvement mindset and an abundance of ideas. Understand how to secure accountability and pride in our work to achieve that vision
Set the culture, tone, and expectations for team conduct. Ensure diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging are strengthened by you and your team in all that we do
Embody Autodesk's "Great Behavior" values on the 'how' (courage, adaptability, innovation and more) and the 'what' (team goals and team Indicators)
You are seen throughout the organization (both within the Support Team, and throughout EBCS and Autodesk) to be optimistic, reliable and respectful. Employees and customers know that items in your hands will be taken care of quickly and with quality. You enjoy building strategic alliances to help improve our work
This is a hybrid role with split time between remote and in-office work
Minimum Qualifications

1+ years of experience in management or mentorship of a team - building trust and navigating them to success
Experience hitting Indicators and exceeding goals
Understand customer support principles, approaches and considerations. You are committed to improvement of people, processes, training programs, personal growth, team skills, and resources
Enthusiastic, collaborative and creative with the ability to inspire and encourage others, in both relationships with customers and peers. Elevated level of integrity. You are optimistic, and patient
Have a technical mindset that helps you evaluate issues with accuracy and speed
Experience remaining empathic and composed, even during escalated situations. You have had success instilling the same mindset into your team
Travel is sometimes requested. Attendance is mandatory as directed by your manager
hashtag#LI-SV1