
Client Services Manager: About Blockskye:



Blockskye provides next-generation inventory booking, payment, and dynamic expense solutions for the travel and entertainment industries using blockchain. We connect suppliers and corporate buyers with blockchain technology, thereby achieving greater transparency, trust, and efficiency in transaction, inventory and booking management. We are backed by industry leading partners in booking technology, airlines, and innovative payment solutions.



Job Summary:



This position is responsible for the overall client relationship between the client and Blockskye. As the Manager, Client Services you will provide your clients with strategic oversight of their travel program, clear understanding of their business needs and priorities, as well as identifying opportunities to achieve travel program cost savings. This role is accountable for client retention and revenue strategies and is ideal for candidates who are consultative, creative, and willing to learn and grow in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.



Key Responsibilities:

Understand clients’ business strategies through consistent review and discussion of clients’ press releases, annual reports, etc.
Establish relationships with key decision makers within their client base.
Build a trusted long-term relationship through consistent and timely communication with client stakeholders.
Proactively and independently drive for results in organic growth and expansion opportunities.
Effectively utilize time management, organization and prioritization skills to achieve intended results.
Listens beyond product need and identify opportunities for innovation and greater client loyalty. 
Ability to consistently apply critical thinking toward solutions that benefit both the client and Blockskye financial initiatives.
Independently works closely with Blockskye finance and leadership teams in developing client revenue growth strategies.
Regularly review client contracts to ensure execution of all financial and operational requirements.
Uses strategic insight and financial acumen to manage contract renewal processes.
Create and present travel program business reviews to client stakeholders.


Qualifications:

Associate or Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Marketing, Communications or related field preferred
7+ years experience in strategic account management, Sales, Consulting or related skills
Experience managing global client travel programs a plus
Demonstrated ability to build and maintain client relationships
Strong organizational and leadership skills; ability to effectively work across teams to deliver shared goals 
Strong understanding of financial travel program drivers
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Contract negotiation skills a plus
Travel as needed. Estimated to be 10 - 25% but may vary.



Maximize compose field
Attach an image to your conversation with Shari Wood
Attach a file to your conversation with Shari Wood
Open GIF Keyboard

