About the job
Please Note

To provide the best candidate experience amidst our high application volumes, each candidate is limited to 10 applications across all open jobs within a 6-month period.

Advancing the World’s Technology Together

Our technology solutions power the tools you use every day--including smartphones, electric vehicles, hyperscale data centers, IoT devices, and so much more. Here, you’ll have an opportunity to be part of a global leader whose innovative designs are pushing the boundaries of what’s possible and powering the future.

We believe innovation and growth are driven by an inclusive culture and a diverse workforce. We’re dedicated to empowering people to be their true selves. Together, we’re building a better tomorrow for our employees, customers, partners, and communities.

What You’ll Do

Samsung Semiconductor's Memory Product Marketing team is the place to be. We use deep consumer insight, experience, and market-driven innovation to develop new product and solution concepts to our key customers, some of the leading companies across multiple industries. Bringing new hardware, software and services to market, we work directly with key product planning groups for each business unit for our customers to get Samsung technology into products that enhance the daily lives of consumer end-users. We provide new ways to bring multiple Samsung products to market.

Location: Hybrid, working onsite at our San Jose, CA headquarters 3 days a week, with the flexibility to work remotely the remainder of your time.

Job ID: 42389

Market Analysis—Track & analyze key market & customer trends, identify gaps and opportunities, and analyze/forecast by customer and segment TAM.
Strategic pricing analysis to guide cross functional teams on market environment.
Develop pricing strategies for each tier one customer on a quarterly and deal opportunity basis.
Deep competitive analysis, collaborating with technical teams to develop product positioning and arm Sales teams with data supported analysis to drive competitive edge and marketing plans.
Scrutinize analyst reports, highlight key messages, and model competitive TAM/SAM as well as Market Share.
Work with product teams on future products and technologies to help drive design wins and build business cases for future growth.
Create marketing collateral and presentations for customers, sales, and trainings.
Industry collaboration & evangelization of Samsung DRAM products.
Support staff at company and customer tech events.

What You Bring

Bachelor’s degree or above required.
10+ years of related or equivalent experience.
3+ years of experience in strategic or product marketing in DRAM or a related industry.
In-depth understanding of DRAM products, trends, pricing, and end markets.
Previous experience with datacenter, cloud, or enterprise OEM customers.
Strong verbal and written communication skills are must, including excellent presentation and public speaking capability.
Strong analytical skills, ability to grasp complex financial, technical, and marketing information to develop strategies.
Strong proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Power Point.
Ability to handle multiple projects and work in a fast-paced environment with cross-functional global teams in multiple time zones.
High enthusiasm, drive, and energy to execute strategies, champion new business opportunities, and the ability to influence stakeholders at various levels.
Moderate domestic travel required (10-20%).
Familiarity with Korean language and culture is a plus.
Previous experience with Data Center and Enterprise OEM customers.
You’re inclusive, adapting your style to the situation and diverse global norms of our people.
An avid learner, you approach challenges with curiosity and resilience, seeking data to help build understanding.
You’re collaborative, building relationships, humbly offering support and openly welcoming approaches.
Innovative and creative, you proactively explore new ideas and adapt quickly to change.

What We Offer

The pay range below is for all roles at this level across all US locations and functions. Individual pay rates depend on a number of factors—including the role’s function and location, as well as the individual’s knowledge, skills, experience, education, and training. We also offer incentive opportunities that reward employees based on individual and company performance.

This is in addition to our diverse package of benefits centered around the wellbeing of our employees and their loved ones. In addition to the usual Medical/Dental/Vision/401k, our inclusive rewards plan empowers our people to care for their whole selves. An investment in your future is an investment in ours.

Give Back With a charitable giving match and frequent opportunities to get involved, we take an active role in supporting the community.

Enjoy Time Away You’ll start with 4+ weeks of paid time off a year, plus holidays and sick leave, to rest and recharge.

Care for Family Whatever family means to you, we want to support you along the way—including a stipend for fertility care or adoption, medical travel support, and an errand service.

Prioritize Emotional Wellness With on-demand apps and paid therapy sessions, you’ll have support no matter where you are.

Stay Fit Eating well and being active are important parts of a healthy life. Our onsite Café and gym, plus virtual classes, make it easier.

Embrace Flexibility Benefits are best when you have the space to use them. That’s why we facilitate a flexible environment so you can find the right balance for you.

Base Pay Range

$140,515—$217,485 USD

Equal Opportunity Employment Policy 

Samsung Semiconductor takes pride in being an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an environment where all individuals feel valued and empowered to excel, regardless of race, religion, color, age, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, ancestry, genetic information, marital status, national origin, political affiliation, or veteran status.

When selecting team members, we prioritize talent and qualities such as humility, kindness, and dedication. We extend comprehensive accommodations throughout our recruiting processes for candidates with disabilities, long-term conditions, neurodivergent individuals, or those requiring pregnancy-related support. All candidates scheduled for an interview will receive guidance on requesting accommodations.

Recruiting Agency Policy

We do not accept unsolicited resumes. Only authorized recruitment agencies that have a current and valid agreement with Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. are permitted to submit resumes for any job openings.

Covid-19 Policy

To help keep our employees, customers, and communities safe, we've developed guidelines for our team. Currently, we encourage vaccination for all employees and may require it depending on job functions (e.g., traveling for business, meeting with customers). While visiting our offices or attending team events, we ask employees to complete a daily health questionnaire and complete a weekly COVID test. Our COVID policies are subject to change depending on public health, regulatory, and business circumstances.

Applicant Privacy Policy

https://semiconductor.samsung.com/us/careers/privacy
