About the job
Please Note

To provide the best candidate experience amidst our high application volumes, each candidate is limited to 10 applications across all open jobs within a 6-month period.

Advancing the World’s Technology Together

Our technology solutions power the tools you use every day--including smartphones, electric vehicles, hyperscale data centers, IoT devices, and so much more. Here, you’ll have an opportunity to be part of a global leader whose innovative designs are pushing the boundaries of what’s possible and powering the future.

We believe innovation and growth are driven by an inclusive culture and a diverse workforce. We’re dedicated to empowering people to be their true selves. Together, we’re building a better tomorrow for our employees, customers, partners, and communities.

What You’ll Learn 

Project Overview: Develop an understanding of the competitive landscape for DRAM, and create a strategy to competitively position our products within this market
Skills You’ll Learn:
DRAM use cases
DRAM competitive landscape (performance, features, cost, etc.)
Product positioning
What You’ll Do

The DRAM Product Marketing team is responsible for maintaining pricing activities for the team, input allocation, and learn product strategy for DRAM within the Memory Business Unit. We perform data-driven analysis on the market, the industry, and the competition to drive insights that inform the strategic decisions at the executive level. This is role will have extensive exposure to all areas of the business, such as Sales, Business Enablement, Product Planning, and external marketing.

Location: Hybrid, working onsite at our San Jose office/headquarters at least three days per week with the flexibility to work remotely the remainder of your time

Reports to: Director, Market Intelligence

Research memory market and application segments using public news sources, analyst reports, and provide key takeaways to internal stakeholders
Perform competitive research by analyzing competitors’ product announcements and financial releases
Collaborate with Product Planning and DRAM segment leads to create a competitive landscape view of Enterprise DRAM products and demonstrate how Samsung stacks up to competition
Support Product Marketing Managers with ad hoc research for weekly/biweekly reports to executive management, providing data and analysis on key issues impacting the business.
Complete other responsibilities as assigned.

What You Bring

Pursuing Master’s degree in a scientific or business discipline, MBA preferred
Must have at least 1 academic quarter/semester remaining
Working knowledge of Excel/PowerPoint
Working knowledge of financial metrics
Independently research data through multiple sources
High interest in learning about Datacenter and Cloud Infrastructure
Effective communication and concise writing skills
Collaborative working style with ability to self-motivate
You’re inclusive, adapting your style to the situation and diverse global norms of our people.
An avid learner, you approach challenges with curiosity and resilience, seeking data to help build understanding.
You’re collaborative, building relationships, humbly offering support and openly welcoming approaches.
Innovative and creative, you proactively explore new ideas and adapt quickly to change.

What We Offer

The pay range below is for all roles at this level across all US locations and functions. Individual pay rates depend on a number of factors—including the role’s function and location, as well as the individual’s knowledge, skills, experience, education, and training.

This is in addition to our diverse package of benefits centered around the wellbeing of our employees and their loved ones. In addition to the usual Medical/Dental/Vision, our inclusive rewards plan empowers our people to care for their whole selves. An investment in your future is an investment in ours.

Relocation Support Live 50+ miles away from your new office? No worries! We'll provide a stipend to help support your move.

Housing Stipend Signing a lease on a new place for your summer internship? We'll help you pay your way with a monthly stipend.

Give Back With a charitable giving match and frequent opportunities to get involved, we take an active role in supporting the community.

Prioritize Emotional Wellness With on-demand apps and paid therapy sessions, you’ll have support no matter where you are.

Stay Fit Eating well and being active are important parts of a healthy life. Our onsite Café and gym, plus virtual classes, make it easier.

Embrace Flexibility Benefits are best when you have the space to use them. That’s why we facilitate a flexible environment so you can find the right balance for you.

Hourly Base Pay Rate

$28—$62 USD

Equal Opportunity Employment Policy 

Samsung Semiconductor takes pride in being an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an environment where all individuals feel valued and empowered to excel, regardless of race, religion, color, age, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, ancestry, genetic information, marital status, national origin, political affiliation, or veteran status.

When selecting team members, we prioritize talent and qualities such as humility, kindness, and dedication. We extend comprehensive accommodations throughout our recruiting processes for candidates with disabilities, long-term conditions, neurodivergent individuals, or those requiring pregnancy-related support. All candidates scheduled for an interview will receive guidance on requesting accommodations.

Recruiting Agency Policy

We do not accept unsolicited resumes. Only authorized recruitment agencies that have a current and valid agreement with Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. are permitted to submit resumes for any job openings.

Covid-19 Policy

To help keep our employees, customers, and communities safe, we've developed guidelines for our team. Currently, we encourage vaccination for all employees and may require it depending on job functions (e.g., traveling for business, meeting with customers). While visiting our offices or attending team events, we ask employees to complete a daily health questionnaire and complete a weekly COVID test. Our COVID policies are subject to change depending on public health, regulatory, and business circumstances.

Applicant Privacy Policy

https://semiconductor.samsung.com/us/careers/privacy