About the job
Do you want to be at the forefront of innovating the latest hardware designs to propel Microsoft’s cloud growth? Are you seeking a unique career opportunity that combines both technical capabilities, cross team collaboration, with business insight and strategy? Join our Strategic Planning and Advanced Architecture Team (SPARC) team within Microsoft’s Azure Hardware Systems & Infrastructure (AHSI) organization and be a part of the organization behind Microsoft’s expanding Cloud Infrastructure and responsible for powering Microsoft’s “Intelligent Cloud” mission. 

Microsoft delivers more than 200 online services to more than one billion individuals worldwide and AHSI is the team behind our expanding cloud infrastructure. We deliver the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's cloud businesses including Microsoft Azure, Bing, MSN, Office 365, OneDrive, Skype, Teams and Xbox Live.

The SPARC organization within Azure drives advanced architecture and manages hardware roadmap planning and program management from concept through production for all of Microsoft’s current and future on-line services. Well-defined and executed strategic planning ensures products meet the requirements for performance, features, and time-to-market. The ability to draw insights from a deep understanding of the cloud HW Infrastructure landscape and industry trends is critical in informing the roadmap and planning decisions.

We are looking for a Sr. Director of AI Product Management to join our team, who will play a key role in driving the planning and roadmap for our AI Silicon powering Microsoft Cloud and CoPilots. You will be responsible for managing and driving critical Silicon and HW programs end to end. We immensely value culture, mentorship, and acting as a unified team. This is an opportunity to leverage and grow your existing program management experience in an innovative and highly collaborative environment where the results of your work will matter to Microsoft and Microsoft’s customers

Join our SPARC team and be part of the world’s fastest growing cloud service!

Responsibilities

Define product strategy, roadmap and product requirements for our next gen AI Silicon and platform 
Drive executive decision making for new investments, including competitive analysis, program goals and business requirements, architectural concepts, risk management strategies, financial analysis, schedule and hardware strategy.
Drive technical projects from requirements including managing complex project schedules, removing roadblocks, and keeping processes running smoothly. 
Work with hardware architects, engineering, finance and business teams to develop and drive end to end program development. 
Partner closely with cross-functional teams to define, prioritize, and implement features, infrastructure, processes, and workflows. 
Identify and prioritize customer needs, market opportunities, and competitive gaps, and translate them into clear and actionable product requirements and specifications. 
Take end to end ownership of the product area and be a tireless voice of the customer, while ensuring business goals are met. 
Developing and maintaining a high level of technical proficiency in AI workload requirements. 
Be comfortable interacting with senior management, highlighting risks across functional teams and providing recommendations to support product level decisions. 
Operate effectively in ambiguity. Apply process where it creates value, and design process where it’s needed. Recognize the situations where each approach is most appropriate. 
Drive adoption of silicon and platforms with customers: evangelize existing and future product solutions across internal and external customers.
Work closely with datacenter business teams to drive adoption across the portfolio
Work closely with SW and model teams to ensure product when delivered is a complete solution to accelerate adoption

Qualifications

Required/Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree AND 8+ years experience in product/service/project/program management or software development
OR equivalent experience.
5 + years of product management experience in Silicon, AI or similar fields
5+ years of experience in a cross-functional role
2 + years of experience working with AI infrastructure
Other Requirements

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Additional Or Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree AND 10+ years experience in product/service/project/program management or software development
OR equivalent experience.
Product Management IC5 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $137,600 - $267,000 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $180,400 - $294,000 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

Microsoft will accept applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.