Personal Mission Statement 
An innovative, hands-on leader inspiring others with an “anything is possible” mentality striving for creative & best 
workable solutions. Recognized for successfully developing solid client relationships, business strategies, processes, and 
procedures, streamlining corporate operations, improving workflow, enhancing performance, and maximizing client 
satisfaction and loyalty. A results-oriented, big-picture thinker with the ability to see and prepare short-term and long-term 
conditions and ramifications.  
CAREER TRACK 
ALTERA DIGITAL HEALTH (FORMERLY ALL SCRIPTS/ ECLIPSYS/SUNGARD/INTELUS CORPORATION) 
VICE PRESIDENT OF PRODUCT SUPPORT, INCIDENT MGT, & CLIENT SUCCESS 
JULY ‘98 - CURRENT 
SEPT ‘10-CURRENT 
Responsible for running day-to-day support operations for all Acute Clinical and Financial Application and Technical 
products. Proactively and effectively direct operations to ensure world-class customer service. Manage the Sunrise suite 
of products from deal-signing through to production where my teams managed all client issues. Ensure contractual 
compliance; resolve issues promptly and efficiently to meet regulatory compliance and to meet and exceed critical 
performance metrics. Trained, directed, and mentored the activities of 400+ support members consisting of Call Center 
Employees, Product Support Application and Technical Consultants, DBAs, System Administrators, Client Success, 
Operations Teams, and Remote Hosting Engineers.  
o Develop and present reports to the executive level to apprise management of client satisfaction levels with 
recommendations and action plans for process and operational improvements.  
o Generated over 5 million dollars by executing on contract language to increase support fees for clients on old 
releases of our software.  
o Implemented Change Management to ITILv3 standards to reduce errors by 35% and implemented Incident 
Management to lower repeatable errors by 20%. Generated $11.2 Million in additional revenue by increasing 
sales to existing clients. 
o Manage Client Success executives while personally cultivating and maintaining strong client relationships across 
Acute, AMB and Financial products lines. 
o Manage Global Tier 1-(Call Intake Center) Tier 2-(Technical/Application) and Tier 3-(Development) support 
teams consisting of 400+ people.  
o Built 24x7 Global Major Incident Management team and have improved first-hour resolution consistently month 
over month over the last 18 months via a matrixed organization. 
o Expert level knowledge in crisis and escalation management within a multi-product organization.  
o Run day-to-day Major Incident Management team as well as Problem Management and Change Management.  
o Aligned the Change Management team to our Incident/Problem teams to improve processes and reduced the 
number of Major Incidents caused by change by 40%. 
o Led implementation of third-party notification application integration into our CRM, which enabled major 
incident communication both internally and to our clients, as well as the ability to create scenarios to call the 
resources to Major Incidents bridges to resolve client issues. 
o Evaluate company performance with clients, collaborated with Development, Professional Services, Hosting, 
Marketing and Sales teams to promote new products and services and facilitate long-term relations.  
o Ownership Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and Key Performance Indicators for Call Center. 
o Partner with Sales, Services, Support, Development and Solutions Teams to develop and implement post-sales 
product experience strategies based on lessons learned. 
o Improve the Problem Management Root Cause Analysis (RCA) and Corrective Action process and 
documentation while also reducing the time it takes to get to our clients. 
o Work with third-party hosting vendors (ATOS and Involta) to integrate our processes to have a single view within 
a SharePoint site for every major incident, problem management, and change management metric we track. 
o Manage onboarding program for new employees, performance reviews, employee retention, performance 
improvement plans and workforce reduction process. 
o Partner with our Proactive Monitoring team to get real-time dashboards published to company SharePoint.  
o Collaborate with Sales and Services to ensure project and SLAs are delivered. 
o Key contributor of employee mentorship and incentive program.  
VP TECHNICAL PRODUCT SUPPORT 
o Managed client loyalty relationship with contracted clients for Remote Hosting division.  
AUG ‘07-SEPT ‘10 
o Transitioned North America Call Center to Pune, India reducing overall area cost by $2.5 million annually. 
o Led the build-out of Product Support in Pune, India which allowed the company to expand Support operations 
and provide better client support.  
o Reduced overall new hire cost by 80%. 
DIRECTOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT  
JUNE ‘03-AUG ‘07 
o Advised Product Management to implement design, positioning, pricing, and strategies to improve market 
penetration and supportability of products and new offerings. 
o Analyzed and reviewed data with key personnel to formulate future directives and responses to improve client 
satisfaction.  
o Coordinated 1-on-1 annual client interviews at the Annual User Conference.  
TECH SUPPORT MANAGER  
SEPT ‘00-JUNE ‘03 
o Led the reorganization of the Support team into the framework of Eclipsys Corporation’s model by creating a 
Care Center first call team and an escalation team of Product Support by region. 
SR TECH SUPPORT ANALYST  
MAR ‘99-SEPT ‘00 
o Worked Sunrise Record Manager Health Information Mgt (HIM) cases for 250 clients resolving application and 
technical problems 24x7 on-call.  
o Worked with UNIX OS and Informix DB. Supported Oracle DB clients and their interfaces. 
TECH SUPPORT ANALYST  
JUL ‘98-MAR ‘00 
o Worked Sunrise Record Manager (HIM) cases for 250 clients resolving their technical problems. Worked with 
UNIX OS and Informix DB. 
EDUCATION 
BACHELOR’S DEGREE IN BUSINESS RESOURCE ECONOMICS 
MASTERS OF SCIENCE IN INFORMATION SYSTEMS MGT 
University of Maryland, College Park, MD 
University of Maryland University College, College Park, MD  
MBA 
Additional courses, seminars, and workshops: 
University of Maryland University College, College Park, MD  
Six Sigma • SSPA Certified Manager • ITIL Foundation • Telephone Doctor • Oracle • SQL Server 
COMPETENCIES 
Salesforce • ITIL• ServiceNow • Major Incident Management • Policy / Procedural Development • Compliance • 
Sales Support • Monitoring Event Management • Problem Management • Process Improvement • Change 
Management • Management of Virtual Teams • Client Success • Monitoring Operations • Hospital and 
Physician Practice workflows Altera Product Suite: Sunrise Clinicals and Financials • Call Center Management • 
Customer Satisfaction • Strategic Planning • Business Development • Citrix • SQL • Oracle • Virtual Server • 
TCP/IP • Visio • UNIX • Informix • Everbridge • TEAMS • xMatters 