About the job
Sodexo is seeking a Senior Vice President, Facilities Operations – Life Sciences with a proven track record in executive leadership to drive our corporate services integrated facilities management business forward with purpose and innovation. The role will provide strategic leadership to a portfolio of US regional and Global Strategic Accounts with an orientation towards the Life Sciences sector. Life science domain expertise is essential for this role. 

The Senior Vice President will report to the President of Corporate Services & Workplace Experience. This visionary leader will set the strategic direction for a diverse portfolio, delivering results that support and inspire our account leaders and teams across multiple service delivery models. This role is for a senior leader who excels in operational execution in a self-performance IFM (Integrated Facilities Management) model while promoting a culture that prioritizes hospitality, client-centricity, and human connection. As a prominent brand ambassador, the Senior Vice President will champion Sodexo’s mission to elevate the client experience and cultivate an environment where service, innovation, and employee engagement thrive. The ideal candidate will bring dynamic energy and enthusiasm to build strong relationships and inspire others to advance Sodexo’s brand and culture.

This is a remote position with a requirement to live close to a major airport given the extensive travel required (50%-75% travel depending on candidate’s location). This is a key senior leadership role requiring frequent in-person client-facing and team meetings.

Incentives

Salary plus bonus.

What You'll Do

Provide strategic leadership for a portfolio of accounts including regional and Global Strategic Accounts (GSA) in the North America region to deliver business growth through new and existing client contracts and relationships. Responsible for region contract compliance and governance.
Identify, onboard, and develop top talent. Build and effectively lead a highly capable team that will deliver strategic growth objectives. Develop a connected regional team and community to facilitate sharing of best practices, mutualization of resources and providing expertise within sectors and Strategic Accounts. Proactively interact with all Sodexo stakeholders, creating a “one team” ethos and way of working.
Responsible for meeting financial performance targets and setting appropriate operational goals while assisting in the development capital & operating budgets that conform to client expectations.
As an active member of the Corporate Services Regional Workplace Experience Leadership Team and GSA Leadership Team bring awareness, best practice and domain expertise to the region for capability requirements in specific client sectors especially Life Sciences; collaborate within the region, leveraging account expertise where possible to ensure the provision of all necessary domain expertise in key service delivery models.
Collaborate with the Global Strategic Account (GSA) organization and lead as a regional senior sponsor and escalation point for Global Strategic Accounts clients.
Ensure client retention and business development through pro-actively developing and building long-term strategic client and customer relationships at a senior level.


What We Offer

Compensation is fair and equitable, partially determined by a candidate's education level or years of relevant experience. Salary offers are based on a candidate's specific criteria, like experience, skills, education, and training. Sodexo offers a comprehensive benefits package that may include:

Medical, Dental, Vision Care and Wellness Programs
401(k) Plan with Matching Contributions
Paid Time Off and Company Holidays
Career Growth Opportunities and Tuition Reimbursement


More extensive information is provided to new employees upon hire.

What You Bring

Significant work experience and knowledge of the highly regulated Life Science /Pharmaceutical environment leading teams dedicated to Integrated Facilities Management including hard services, soft services, and project management as well as experience with FDA and other regulatory bodies.
Proven experience in the IFM Industry as well as food service in the strategically outsourced partner model either as client or provider.
Demonstrated experience developing leaders and diverse teams working across geographical boundaries across large multi-site and multi-use sites. 
International and/or multi country/regional experience – management of complexities, divergent interests, cultured in different geographies. Experience with blue-chip organizations and high-quality delivery.
Experience operating successfully within an outsourced B2B environment in a self-performance model. Proven financial acumen with commercial experience and successful management of a portfolio P&L.
Demonstrated experience in sector contracting, sector technical service delivery, asset management, reliability programs, and core processes. Establishes management and control procedures to assure assignments comply with established standards for contract compliance, quality control, use of appropriate management means and methods, adherence to budgets and completion according to approved schedules.
Proven experience in identifying new business, growing accounts, development of commercially viable solutions based on data and rigorous technique, mobilizing and opening new business with success in the first year of contract.
Must have a valid driver’s license.


Who We Are

At Sodexo, our purpose is to create a better everyday for everyone and build a better life for all. We believe in improving the quality of life for those we serve and contributing to the economic, social, and environmental progress in the communities where we operate. Sodexo partners with clients to provide a truly memorable experience for both customers and employees alike. We do this by providing food service, catering, facilities management, and other integrated solutions worldwide.

Our company values you for you; you will be treated fairly and with respect, and you can be yourself. You will have your ideas count and your opinions heard because we can be a stronger team when you’re happy at work. This is why we embrace diversity and inclusion as core values, fostering an environment where all employees are valued and respected. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to individuals regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, disability, sexual orientation, military status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. If you need assistance with the application process, please complete this form.

Qualifications & Requirements

Minimum Education Requirement - Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience

Minimum Management Experience - 10 Years

Minimum Functional Experience - 10 years of multi-unit, support, or strategic leadership experience


